STRATEGIC PLANNING SERVICES

Strategic Planning enables a business to define exactly what it wants to achieve, how it plans to achieve it across a set time period and ensures that growth targets and plans are being met.

duMonde works with Government & Industry clients at all levels of the supply chain to help them focus the allocation of resources and identify market segments in which to successfully compete. Our strategy consultants work with the client to take a holistic view of the organisation, including its aspirations, values and corporate objectives and use this as a framework to develop the clients competitive advantages.

We provide senior management teams with the ongoing support and guidance they require to help them continuously improve their business and leverage additional capability to achieve their strategic objectives. All of our consultants have either worked in large corporations or run their own businesses, which gives them the practical experience needed to help provide you with the right advice. Our wealth of expertise can guide organisations of all sizes through the hurdles of doing business through the following tailored services:

The strategic plans we develop follow a well-defined and repeatable process to achieve sustainable new levels of performance. Once defined, the Strategic Plan is supported by the development of a Balanced Scorecard as the principal mechanism for ensuring the strategy is appropriately implemented, tracked and monitored.

Our approach to strategic planning and implementation is highly participative, ensuring buy-in from all stakeholders at every stage.

Services offered include:
Strategic Reviews
Strategy and Business Plan Development
Balanced Scorecard Development
A range of enablers and support services:
1. Market Research and Analysis
2. Integrated Business Planning
Capability and Management,
3. Mergers, Acquisitions and Disposals
4. Strategic Clustering and Alliancing List
of Essentials (SCALE)


-------------------------------


